# retainify
# Overview
Retainify is a notetaking app that is compatible on both iOS and Android platforms. It assists students in information retention by sending students push notifications. Using the notion API, the app will parse through your notes that you write in our app and automatically generate questions based on the notes you took from that session. The questions are stored in our database and will send the user push notifications of the questions generated by AI over a set period of time to reenforce the content they are learning. 
# Technology Stack Utilized 
Flutter, NotionAPI, Hive for the database, Dart API for notifications 
## Intuition Behind Creating Flutter
Similar to quizlet, we wanted to create an information retention app that takes the pain out of manually creating questions on physical cards or on quizlet. Retainify builds upon previous methods of learning from quizlet, and Anki, without having to create them yourselves. This improves the likelihood of revisiting and refreshing on the information, and spend less time making learning materials and more time actually learning. 

This project is a starting point for a Flutter application. 

A few resources to get you started if this is your first Flutter project:

- [Lab: Write your first Flutter app](https://docs.flutter.dev/get-started/codelab)
- [Cookbook: Useful Flutter samples](https://docs.flutter.dev/cookbook)

For help getting started with Flutter development, view the
[online documentation](https://docs.flutter.dev/), which offers tutorials,
samples, guidance on mobile development, and a full API reference.


